        # action_id: the unique ID of this spell or recipe
        # action_type: in the first league: BREW; later: CAST, OPPONENT_CAST, LEARN, BREW
        # delta_0: tier-0 ingredient change
        # delta_1: tier-1 ingredient change
        # delta_2: tier-2 ingredient change
        # delta_3: tier-3 ingredient change
        # price: the price in rupees if this is a potion
        # tome_index: in the first two leagues: always 0; later: the index in the tome if this is a tome spell, equal to the read-ahead tax
        # tax_count: in the first two leagues: always 0; later: the amount of taxed tier-0 ingredients you gain from learning this spell
        # castable: in the first league: always 0; later: 1 if this is a castable player spell
        # repeatable: for the first two leagues: always 0; later: 1 if this is a repeatable player spell


------------------------
 -----Rules

Each player controls a witch, each witch has access to their own inventory of potion ingredients.

Each client order is a list of ingredients required to brew a potion and earn some rupees.

The game is played over several rounds. Each player performs one action each turn, simultaneously.

-----Ingredients

There are 4 tiers of ingredient, indexed from 0 to 3 .
Higher tier ingredients are typically necessary in more expensive potion recipes but take longer to acquire.

Each witch starts with a full inventory of 10 ingredients.

The inventory is represented by inv: 4 numbers each representing the amount of each ingredient tier.
If inv0 is 3 then you have 3 tier-0 ingredients.
Action overview

For this league, you must Brew two potions from the list of client orders. The witch having earned the most rupees wins.
Brewing

Client orders have a delta: 4 numbers, one for each ingredient tier.
Negative numbers represent the amount of ingredients that are consumed by the recipe.
Therefore, the numbers are never positive because they represent a loss of ingredients from your inventory.

For instance, a client order with delta = -2, -1, 0, 0 means you have to consume 2 tier-0 ingredients and 1 tier-1 ingredients from your inventory in order to brew the potion.

The selling price of the client order is the amount of rupees will you earn by completing it.
This potion requires five ingredients and is worth 10 rupees. delta0 is -2, so you need at least 2 tier-0 ingredients in the inventory. Check this with the inv0 variable.

The client orders are queued up from left to right. Only five clients can fit inside the hut so a maximum of 5 orders will be available every turn.
If both witches brew the same potion, they both earn its price in rupees.

At the start of each new turn, new orders are queued up to fill the missing spaces.

Each order has a unique id and can be undertaken with the BREW id command.

You may also opt to skip a turn with the WAIT command.
⛔ Game end

The game ends once at least one witch has brewed 2 potions.

The game stops automatically after 100 rounds.